<h:form xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich"
	xmlns:a4j="http://richfaces.org/a4j">

	<h:form>
		<rich:panel style="width:450px">
			<f:facet name="header">New York City</f:facet>
New York City (officially The City of New York) is the most populous
city in the United States, with its metropolitan area
ranking among the largest urban
areas in the world. It has been the largest city in the United States
since 1790, and was the country's first capital city and the site of George
Washington's inauguration as the first president of the United States.
For more than a century, it has been one of the world's major centers of
commerce and finance. New York City is rated as an alpha world city for its
global influences in media, politics, education, entertainment, arts and
fashion. The city is also a major center for foreign affairs, hosting the
headquarters of the United Nations.
New York City comprises five boroughs, each of which is coextensive with a
county: The Bronx, Brooklyn, Manhattan, Queens and Staten Island.
With over 8.2 million residents within an area of 322 square miles (830 km),
New York City is the most densely populated major city in the United States.
<rich:panel>
				<f:facet name="header">5 Boroughs</f:facet>
New York City comprises five boroughs, each of which is coextensive
with a county: The Bronx, Brooklyn, Manhattan, Queens and Staten Island.
With over 8.2 million residents within an area of 322 square miles
(830 km), New York City is the most densely populated major city in
the United States.
</rich:panel>
		</rich:panel>
	</h:form>
</h:form>