<h:form xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich"
	xmlns:a4j="http://richfaces.org/a4j">



	<rich:panel style="width:650px">
		<f:facet name="header">
Using rich:toolBar
</f:facet>
		<rich:toolBar>
			<a4j:commandLink id="nyc" value="New York City"
				actionListener="#{toolBarBean.cityListener}" />
			<a4j:commandLink id="sf" value="San Francisco"
				actionListener="#{toolBarBean.cityListener}" />
			<a4j:commandLink id="la" value="Los Angeles"
				actionListener="#{toolBarBean.cityListener}" />
		</rich:toolBar>
		<rich:panel>
			<a4j:outputPanel ajaxRendered="true">
				<h:panelGrid rendered="#{toolBarBean.nyc}">
New York City is the most populous city in the United States,
with its metropolitan area ranking among the
largest urban areas in the world.
For more than a century, it has been one of the world's major centers
of commerce and finance. New York City is rated as an alpha world
city for its global influences in media, politics, education,
entertainment, arts and fashion. The city is also a major center
for foreign affairs, hosting the headquarters of the United Nations.
</h:panelGrid>
				<h:panelGrid rendered="#{toolBarBean.sf}">
San Francisco is the fourth most populous city in California and the
14th most populous city in the United States.
San Francisco is a popular international tourist destination renowned
for its steep rolling hills, an eclectic mix of Victorian and modern
architecture, and famous landmarks, including the Golden Gate Bridge,
Alcatraz Island, the cable cars, Coit Tower, and Chinatown.
</h:panelGrid>
				<h:panelGrid rendered="#{toolBarBean.la}">
Los Angeles is the largest city in the state of California and the
second-largest in the United States. Los Angeles is one of the
world's centers of culture, technology,
media, business, and international trade.
</h:panelGrid>
			</a4j:outputPanel>
		</rich:panel>
	</rich:panel>
</h:form>